My client is after a Linux Consultant who can troubleshoot his or her way through technical issues across C on Unix or Linux. You will get the chance to both use and enhance your existing programming and systems administrational skills. You will be given specific clients to personally manage. Your knowledge of debugging Kernel issues and troubleshooting highly technical queries will be used. A deep understanding across any flavour of Unix or Linux (HPUX, Solaris, Debian, Mandriva, SuSe, Bluecat, BSD, Beowulf, Fedora, Centos, Slackware, Knoppix, GNU etc) will be welcomed and detailed throughout your CV. Sometimes clients can be frustrating and your ability to keep calm, identify their issues and resolve them will be your unique selling point. You will have a good degree, professional qualifications LPIC or RHCE and experience within the field of Open Source. In any case, you will be given a career opportunity like none other before. Use your technical skills to get ahead in the company of an undisputed market leader based in Cambridge.",
My client is after a trouble-shooter who can think his or her way through technical issues across Linux. A deep understanding across any flavour of Linux (RedHat Fedora/ES 3 or 4, Solaris, Debian, SuSe, BSD, Centos, etc) and Scripting knowledge (Python, Perl, Bash, Korn) will be detailed throughout your CV. You will get the chance to both use and enhance your existing programming and systems administrational skills. Your knowledge of debugging Kernel issues and troubleshooting highly technical queries will be used. Sometimes clients can be frustrating and your ability to keep calm, identify their issues and resolve them will be your unique selling point. You will have an IT Degree, professional qualifications, an LPIC or RHCE and experience within the field of Open Source. In any case, you will be given a career opportunity like none other before. Use your technical and client support skills to get ahead in the company of an international organisation with its UK headquarters located in a fashionable part of London. Apply now, interview straight away, secure your future for tomorrow.",
Unix/Linux SA Trouble-Shooter, City. Unix, Solaris, RHES, Scripting, Systems administration, Kernel tuning, Capacity planning, LVM, Veritas, NFS. My client is after a trouble-shooter who can think his or her way through technical issues across Unix or Linux. You will get the chance to both use and enhance your proven systems administration (and programming) skills. A deep understanding across any flavour of Unix or Linux (HPUX, Solaris, AIX, RHES/Fedora, Centos, Debian, Mandriva, SuSE, BSD, Slackware, Ubuntu, and GNU etc) will be welcomed and detailed throughout your CV. Your knowledge of debugging Kernel-related issues and troubleshooting highly technical queries will be used. Sometimes clients can be frustrating and your ability to keep calm, identify their issues and resolve them will be your unique selling point. You will have an IT Degree and professional qualifications LPIC or RHCE and experience within the field of Open Source will be welcomed. In any case, you will be given a career opportunity like none other before. Use your technical skills to get ahead in the company of a leading banking organisation in the City of London.",
